=head1 NAME

Mojolicious::Plugin::TagHelpersExtra - Extra Tag Helpers Plugin

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # Mojolicious
    $self->plugin('tag_helpers_extra');

    # Mojolicious::Lite
    plugin 'tag_helpers_extra';

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Mojolicous::Plugin::TagHelpersExtra> is a collection of additional
HTML5 tag helpers for L<Mojolicious>.  Note that this module hopes to
be sublimated into L<Mojolicous::Plugin::TagHelpers> without warning!

See L<Mojolicious/Plugin/TagHelpersExtra> for documentation.

=head2 Helpers

=over 4

=item link_to_here

Generates a link to the current request URL, including any GET query
parameters, and allows addition/deletion/modification of said
parameters.

=item check_box_x

Generates a checkbox input element with value, and parse parameters
according to multiple choices. The attribute 'checked' can be used to
set a default value for the form, to be overruled if a parameter of
the same name is set.

=item radio_x

Generates a radio button input element with value and parse parameters
accoring to multiple choices. The attribute 'checked' can be used to
set a default value for the form, to be overruled if a parameter of
the same name is set.

=item table

Generates a table from a reference to an array of array rows, or,
alternatively, an array ref generating subroutine reference specified
in the C<sub> attribute. Headers, footers, attributes and captions are
supported.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojolicious::Plugin::TagHelpers>, L<Mojolicious>,
L<Mojolicious::Guides>, L<http://mojolicious.org>.

=cut

